doc: release-notes-3.6: MDIO changes (#69104)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.6.rst

  * New driver :dtcompatible:`analog-axis`.
  * Added ESP32 touch sensor driver including a :dtcompatible:`espressif,esp32-touch`.

* MDIO

  * Fixed initialization priorities of NXP s32 NETC drivers.

>   * Fixed SAM GMAC transfer timeout errors caused by mdio clock not being initialized.

Reviewer: I would recommend using consistent uppercase spelling of "MDIO" across the entire changeset

>   * Fixed ESP32 MDIO driver being enabled when node was not staus okay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed ESP32 MDIO driver being enabled when node was not status okay.
```

>   * Supported C22 and C45 apis on S32 GMAC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added support for C22 and C45 APIs on S32 GMAC.
```
